hi everyone today I'm back with another
drinking snack it's career mussels with
scallion oil and peanuts in Vietnamese
is Scott kimchi abnormal and this
beautiful and delicious dish can be made
in just 20 minutes can you believe that
let's get started
so I bought one pack of green shell New
Zealand mussels it's one kilogram after
cleaning the mussels I arranged them
neatly on a baking pan live with
aluminum foil then grease or brush some
melted butter on each muscles as you
about 3 tablespoon of butter which I
melted in a microwave for about 15
seconds after that I put them into the
oven for 10 minutes at 200 degrees
Celsius next in a bowl a dissolve 3 tbsp
oil sauce have a cup of water 1
tablespoon of sugar 1/2 a teaspoon of
salt or a 2 TSP fish sauce and about a
teaspoon of cornstarch or tapioca starch
to make this off a little thicker stir
well until everything well combined next
in a pan or medium saucepan heat 3 tbsp
of oil on medium high heat and add in
about a cup of chopped spring onion and
stir fry for about 15 seconds just cook
very quick to maintain the green color
of the spring onions
then transfer to a bowl and save about a
tablespoon of oil in the pan bring the
pan back to the stove and add in the
sauce mixture
also I add in about a tablespoon up
ginger would I have cut into strips and
a teaspoon of garlic stir well and bring
to a boil
after that simmer on medium low heat
until the sauce is slightly thickened so
just cook the sauce for about 2 to 3
minutes and also add in some chili sauce
to make it more spicy
after ten minutes in the oven take the
mussels out and reserve the sauce over
each of them
so when every muscles get some salt on
it we're gonna put back into the oven
and feel for another five minutes the
muscles gonna absorb the sauce and
become more tasty and juicy after five
minute checkout and garnish each muscles
with the spring onion know that we made
some crushed peanuts and the fried
shallots you can also use this recipe on
scallops if you have fresh mussels it's
gonna be to die for
they look so so beautiful and delicious
this dish can be a great appetizer or a
perfect snack to drink beer with
to serve just we're little ampules on
each mussels is fresh light but complex
it looks so impressive but it's so easy
to make so I hope that you're gonna give
it a try thank you for watching